In load_positive_patches: ensure aspect ratio
Test stride 2
Train with shifting (to prevent false cone detections at half-height shift)
Try different paddings

Cone Detector:
Step by frame
Stereo
Detection in separate process
Cone refinement
Cone classification

fitclinear
регрессия (сначала найти белое пятно)
попробовать ЧБ модель

Display misclassified images

Camera self-calibration, given that the cones are planar.
Detect cone 3D position, given camera parameters, cone size and position,
and planarity.

Conversion from RGB to "grayscale" in such a way so as to maximise the
difference between yellow and blue cones.

Downscale images
Modify OpenCV code to only process every Nth pixel, or better according to
mask. The mask can be derived by extending bboxes from the previous frame.
(See also DetectionBasedTracker)


Try GMM instead of SVM when optimising cone positions. All we need is to
increase the probability of the bbox! (See Cootes' report.)
Refine cone locations using only AM, not SVM.


Explicitly optimise for number of support vectors.


KNN search/classification?

Reduced SVMs?

Add LDA projection as an additional input to SVM.

Train NN to replicate the output of SVM. This can be done on arbitrary images,
not just on proj_neg.
When creating negative patches -- create proj_neg straight away.


Train all at the same scale, but at training simply take larger windows around
cones. Same technique could be used partially: to reduce the number of scales.

Scales: 9x7, 17x13, [25x19], 33x25, [41x31], 65x49, 81x60

Randomize and enlarge bounding boxes for SVM training

Try variants of cone detectors:
Without padding and with varying amounts of padding (fixed and percentage of
bbox size)
Cones of all types vs cones of just one type, or just the striped ones.
Varying training parameters.
Filter by min size (area) when training cascade detector. Probably 16x10 is min.
Multiple detectors at different scales.
What is the smallest scale?

Do a slow SVM pass for the small cones at small scale (perhaps only at the top
of the image!), and use cascade detector elsewhere.

Time budget.

Try LBP instead of Haar.

Add noise to training samples.

Artificially paste cut-out cones onto background.

Tool in python for viewing video, detecting cones, adjusting parameters in
real-time, doing stereo. Also as ROS.
Combine bbox sampling, AM projection, and SVM classification in one MEX.

Develop NN and RGB variants.




Manually run detector on negative images to find out false positive rate.
Request ARCA access.

Strongly compress all .png in data folders.

Train a regression SVM to do refinement?
Analytic SVM and AM gradient?


For dense SVM:
Pre-scale images so that unnecessary bilinear computations do not have to be
done.
Do dense SVM on fine scale, but use cascade detector at large scales.
One svm for each scale? To avoid resizing at all.

Do cone tracking instead of full detection (i.e. search only in the vicinity
of the cones detected in the previous frame).

DONE Do an experiment with dense sliding window cone detection by SVM.
DONE Data augmentation: flip images and recompute bboxes accordingly.
DONE Statistics of cone sizes (in pixels and as ratios of image width).
DONE In getwndbl consider the special and common case when the entire window is in the image and no checks are necessary.
DONE Add cones of the opposing type to the negative examples.
DONE Reject at the stage of AM (more than 3 sigma difference) before even passing to SVM.
DONE Try other classifiers instead of SVM: NNs, Bayes, LDA.
DONE Try single instead of double.
DONE Also, try one class SVM -- it may have fewer support vectors. [Does not work at all]
DONE Train SVM or NN directly from (small) bbox patches, without projection.
DONE Mask just the cone silhouette in the AM.
DONE Diamond logarithmic search for bbox refinement.
DONE Try colour SVM.
DONE OpenMP pragmas
DONE ROI
DONE Groupwise alignment of cones.
DONE Build OpenCV with tbb optimisation
